https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8261#links, versions, edits across docs (#5684)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/compliance_operator_policy.adoc

Compliance operator is an operator that runs OpenSCAP and allows you to keep your {ocp} cluster compliant with the security benchmark that you need. You can install the compliance operator on your managed cluster by using the compliance operator policy. 

> The compliance operator policy is created as a Kubernetes configuration policy in {product-title-short}. {ocp-short} supports the compliance operator policy. For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[Understanding the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compliance operator policy is created as a Kubernetes configuration policy in {product-title-short}. {ocp-short} supports the compliance operator policy. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/security_and_compliance/index#compliance-operator-understanding[Managing the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation for more details.
```
